deez nuts.
they opened all three boxes at once.
their time ran out while they were discussing if it should be illegal to be undead.
they accidentally burnt down the tavern they were meeting at.
they couldn't find the tavern they were supposed to meet at.
they decided that making friends along the way is all that counts.
they didn't show up for the session.
they met rocks, which fell.
they attacked the darkness. The darkness was not amused.
they decided to do another quest instead, which they also failed.
they tried their best, but that just wasn't enough.
they thought the bad guy made a lot of sense and joined him instead.
they started yet another campaign instead.
they forgot their character sheets at home.
they underestimated the opposition.
their ambition outweighed their talent.
they made camp in the lair of a hydra.
they hired the wrong guy for the job.
they found a loaded gun.
they ran into the toughest guy in Letterkenny.
they had to first install Windows updates.
they had a major communication breakdown.
they were illiterate.
they kind of just lost interest.
they ran from combat for the first time ever.
this quest did not spark joy.
one of them was a bard.
they went shopping instead.
they accidentally sold themselves into slavery.
they had to use the Twitter video player to do it.
they put the cart before the horse.
they put Descartes before the whores.
they kind of forgot about the Iron Fleet.
they missed 100% of the shots they took.
the winged hussars arrived.
they forgot to bring a towel.
I was not in a charitable mood.
responding to every question by repeating the same question in a sarcastic tone of voice is not considered diplomacy.
preparing Fireball in every possible spell slot left little room for utility spells.
anti-lock brakes had not been invented yet.
they were still a bit tired from the previous adventure.
they discovered fire.
raw talent is sometimes not enough.
the force was not with them.
their party composition left a lot to be desired.
someone left the kettle on.
opening your mouth at the wrong time can be deadly in some situations.
they were due to lose.
it is actually possible to overdose on water.
they were met with the usual results.